# Ethiktool source code
This repository contains the source code for the “Ethiktool” software, which is hosted by the Leibniz Institute for Psychology (ZPID) at https://ethiktool.org.

**Licence**: The source code provided in this repository, the Ethiktool, all its texts, content and links (including texts, content and links on all of its subpages) are licensed under the open source software licence “European Union Public Licence” in its version 1.2 of May 19th, 2017 (EUPL v. 1.2; see https://interoperable-europe.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-eupl-12 and the license tab) and constitute “the work” in terms of this licence. In particular, any derivative works (e.g., extension, modification) are also part of the work and subject to this licence. The work may only be distributed or communicated under the terms of this licence, and no additional terms or conditions may be offered or imposed on the work (“CopyLeft”).

**About the Ethiktool**: The Ethiktool is a software for the dialogue-oriented user-guided generation of ethics applications and all participant documents for research involving human participants. The Ethiktool has been developed by a project team at ZPID and Chemnitz University of Technology (TUC) led by Prof. Alexandra Bendixen (TUC) and with financial support by the [Volkswagen Foundation](https://www.volkswagenstiftung.de/en/funding/funding-offer/pioneer-projects-impetus-german-research-system). More information on the project can be found [here](https://www.tu-chemnitz.de/physik/SFKS/ethiktool/index.html).

**Using the Ethiktool**: Use of the Ethiktool is free of charge. We are happy to support you in introducing the Ethiktool at your institution and to include a version that is tailored to your institution into our software. If you are interested, please contact us at ethiktool@tu-chemnitz.de.

You use the software on your own responsibility. Neither ZPID nor TUC nor any party otherwise connected to the Ethiktool assume any responsibility or liability for the correctness of the generated documents in terms of content or lawfulness, nor for the assessment of the ethical admissibility and legitimacy of the planned research. The responsibility to conduct the research in a legally and ethically impeccable manner remains solely with the researchers or – in cases that include responsibility or liability of other bodies – with those bodies.  The responsibility for ethics assessment remains solely with the applicable ethics committee or review board or with the persons, bodies and organisations that are commissioned by the respective committee or board.
